hello everybody yes it's me back from
the dead once again and now I want to
talk about exclusive launch titles for
Sony's ps4 and Microsoft's Xbox one
since gamescom we know the launch lineup
of each system and I just want to
compare the big ones the exclusive so
let's get into it so what both the
system's launch we know we're going to
be playing call of duty ghosts watchdogs
Assassin's Creed for stuff like that on
both systems I'm very excited to play
those honestly but we also have
exclusive games for each titles we don't
have a want and it kind of shows how
similar both of the consoles are but
let's break down what I'm in who and
what I'm not into xbox one first of all
has Crimson Dragon I think it's a
download-only title it's inspired by
Panzer Dragoon that type of thing that
looks very cool that looks very unique
and it looks like something kind of cool
and different that the xbox wont have
over the ps4 most importantly for me
though Xbox one has dead rising 3 which
I was absolutely wowed when they showed
it at e3 I like the direction it's going
the fact that it's an open-world sandbox
type of thing it looks like an absolute
blast and I cannot wait to play it for
me that might be the reason for now at
least that I might really get the xbox
one Xbox one also has forza motorsport 5
which sounds cool you know it's
everybody needs a driving game with
their launch console and apparently the
feedback in the controller in the new
technology for the controller it's very
noticeable in Forza 5 so that's the
reason alone I really want to check out
for the five now another downloadable
title the Xbox one is going to have out
of the gate is killer instinct now say
what you want about the whole freak
applied thing and the fact that you have
to buy characters in this fighting game
to play the fact is it's a remake of a
very classic and very beloved a fighting
game and it looks very unique and that's
that's cool you know if you can look
past the free-to-play stuff which I'm
finding it really hard to do honestly it
might be worth checking out of course we
also have that rise game coming out
that's been retooled as a third person
game it looks cool when I saw it III was
cool um basically a lot of people and
myself are complaining that it kinda
just looks like it relies on quick time
events to stab people I honestly we
don't know enough about this game yet to
make judgments on it but the fact that
it isn't exclusive and it is unique it
is a new IP sign me up for that and last
but not least a weird little thing the
fighter within which I recently saw
talked about on rev3games this channel
Adam Sessler interviewed that
who made it it's a connect based
fighting game where the connect actually
takes into account your punches and
stuff like that and the developers are
really focusing on making it actually
work and be fun so I'm curious for this
game just because in terms of like an
experimentation type of deal that I
think could be pretty sweet if it works
probably won't but so those are the big
exclusives for Xbox one now let's talk
about ps4 on the other hand the first is
Killzone shadow fall now Killzone shadow
fall looks pretty cool it looks really
cool in conjunction with all the new
user interface I features and aspects of
the ps4 like jumping in other people's
games watching other people's games Kip
kill zone for does look like a change
for the series I don't know if it's a
change for the best because I really
liked how unique the Killzone franchise
was how dark it was a very world war 2
like kinda like weird I can't really
explain it but uh you know the
iconography of the hell gasps seems to
kind of be disappearing with this one
but I'm getting into the nitty-gritty of
it overall it looks like a solid awesome
first person shooter that is very pretty
uh still not wowing me but it's
definitely going to be one of the big
games to pick up because it is a sony
game and like i said every launch
console has to have a driving game so
driveclub is the game for ps4 it will be
available with a free trial of
playstation plus you get it and that's
cool it looks cool just because of the
you know the online features and all
that all that stuff like the big world
that you know connecting playing I don't
know all that mumbo jumbo it does look
cool in that sense alone you know I am
excited because of new stuff like new
features things we have an experienced
before so that's why i'm looking forward
to drive club now on the other hand we
have nack nack is developed by mark
cerny and all those cool towns of people
and that's cool but I'm give a or a
damn about this game it just I don't
know I just don't know it just I wasn't
web by it at all it just looks like a
game with ugly character designs ugly
level design and gameplay that just did
not really get me excited for I I don't
know I don't know what to think about
knack but I'm not excited and I'm not
gonna be picking this one up on lunch
ps4 is also getting some smaller
downloadable indie games like resogun
and I believe warframe they're also
getting minecraft stuff like that but
that's about it for their launch lineup
that I care about so now
at the end of the day who has the better
launch lineup I don't know guys if you
just saw me talk about this I know I'm
sorry I'm sorry but I think ah I think
Xbox one has the better launch lineup
I'm sorry that being said I am excited
for games coming out of the gate later
on for ps4 especially infamous second
son more than anything and then on the
Xbox sides titanfall but at the end of
the day I think the xbox games coming
out of the gate are a bit more exciting
I think they do have a leg up on Sony of
course hardware-wise I'm still a little
more into the ps4 but launch titles
sound pretty awesome for xbox month but
I think this kind of shows us at the end
of the day these consoles are going to
be kind of the same thing except for a
few small differences a few games but at
the end of the day we're getting the
same third party big triple a titles on
each console they're going to look at
the same they're going to be good but it
just comes down to the few games that
you prefer on one or the other so that
was me blabbing about these launch
titles you know I can go on and on and
stuff like that but really I think we
should talk I want to know what you guys
think about the launch lineups who do
you think really has the better lineup
which lineup excites you more wish do
you see yourself buying more into and it
does it affect which console you're
picking up first or if you're getting
any of them let me know in the comments
also since I do shoutouts once in a
while I want you guys to check out twin
fin its youtube channel to infinite is a
gaming website run by a friend Yami but
she and her team also do videos on
YouTube that are really awesome and I
think they're definitely worth checking
out so I linked them down there
definitely watch their content because
it freaking rolls but like I said guys
let's talk in the comments about this
xbox one vs ps4 launch titles let me
know anything you want about that and as
always you can like me on facebook you
can yelp me on twitter and you can
subscribe because video games